notation musician helps you create the
parts you need and format them quickly
and easily for practice or printing
after you find the song you want
musician will walk you step-by-step
through the part wizard so that you can
customize a variety of parts such as a
single on karaoke style part with lyrics
and melody notes
you
a fake book lead sheet showing the
melody notes and chord names
you can create a chord chart if you just
want a simple text file that shows
lyrics and properly placed chord names
create easy notes parts to help aspiring
musicians learn to associate pitches and
note names with their placement on the
staff
or take a full orchestra file and reduce
it to a manageable piano score that's
just the right level of complexity for
your skills musician also has other
tools to help you get the specific parts
you need when you open any file you can
immediately pull out any single staff
part or set up special parts for your
group such as a string section or other
custom parts you might need
you can use musicians staff commands to
split out notes from staves so that you
can start with a very simple piano score
and then split out the notes from the
staves to create ensemble scores and
show them what they're properly
transposed instrument notation after you
have the parts you need for your song
you can use page view at any time to see
how your printout will look there's no
need for a print preview screen
musicians automatic formatting will
typically give you a score that looks as
good or better than store-bought sheet
music for full scores as well as
individual part scores notation musician
helps you create the parts you need to
print or practice with so you can get on
with playing your music get notation
musician now